add python_compileall macro and use it in pyproject_install (#60)
openSUSE/python-rpm-macros: README.md

`python3 generatefile.py %python3_bin_suffix`
etc.

> * __`%python_compileall`__ precompiles all python macros in `%{python_sitelib}` and `%{python_sitearch}`

Reviewer: Nitpick: precompiles all python **modules**

Author: Are you familiar with the Github suggestion feature?

Let's use the wording of https://docs.python.org/3/library/compileall.html

Reviewer: Then is should read `sources`, shouldn't it? The word macro doesn't appear on the referenced page.

Nice hint, Ben. 

```suggestion
* __`%python_compileall`__ precompiles all python sources in `%{python_sitelib}` and `%{python_sitearch}`
```

> * __`%python_compileall`__ precompiles all python macros in `%{python_sitelib}` and `%{python_sitearch}`
> for all flavors. Generally Python 2 create `.pyc` files directly in the script directories, while

Author: ```suggestion
* __`%python_compileall`__ precompiles all python source files in `%{python_sitelib}` and `%{python_sitearch}`
for all flavors. Generally Python 2 creates the cached byte-code `.pyc` files directly in the script directories, while
```

> * __`%python_compileall`__ precompiles all python macros in `%{python_sitelib}` and `%{python_sitearch}`
> for all flavors. Generally Python 2 create `.pyc` files directly in the script directories, while
> newer flavors generate `__pycache__` directories.

Author: ```suggestion
* __`%python_compileall`__ precompiles all python source files in `%{python_sitelib}` and `%{python_sitearch}`
for all flavors. Generally Python 2 creates the cached byte-code `.pyc` files directly in the script directories, while
newer flavors generate `__pycache__` directories. Use this if you have modified the source files in `%buildroot` after
`%python_install` or `%pyproject_install` has compiled the files the first time.
```

Reviewer: Yours is better.
